## PP10043 Harms International Academic Exchange

Former US President Mr. Trump signed PP10043 in May 2020. The executive order stipulates that during visa review, visa officers can refuse to issue F and J visas to the U.S. based on that students and scholars are studying certain majors and research directions, or the schools they attended are sensitive, or they receive living subsidies from the China Scholarship Council (CSC). This statement may affect various groups of people:

- Researchers and teachers who plan to go to the United States for exchange visits, post-doctorate researchers and teachers, cannot obtain an exchange visa to travel to the United States;
- Students currently working under OPT in the United States cannot return to China to visit relatives, and may affect the opportunity to get an H1B;
- Students who are studying, visiting or communicating in the United States cannot return to China to visit relatives and cannot renew their current F and J visas;
- Students (and their relatives) who are going to the U.S. to study for a master's degree or a Ph.D. cannot obtain an F visa on time;
- All students (and their relatives) who are funded by the CSC to go to the United States for exchange cannot obtain J visas on time;
- In the future, students who plan to go to the United States for exchange, transfer, and summer school will not be able to obtain F visas.

10043 gave the visa officer an unconditional excuse for visa refusal. A large number of OPT/F/J visas have been revoked because of this ban. Those who have not received email notifications for visa revocation yet, may get their visas revoked on the spot when they exit or re-enter the US; There are even some students in the US who were visited by the FBI at their home.

According to statistics, PP10043 has resulted in the cancellation of approximately 3000 to 5000 visas. [Click to learn about the statistics about visa revocations under PP10043](https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DZklBQ0ZlTnFRRXZX).

On the other hand, since May 2020, visa interviews from US consulates around the world have indicated that PP10043 has led to the rejection of a large number of innocent Chinese students' F/J visas. [Click to learn about the statistics about visa refusals under PP10043](https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DTkNldUFudkNyTXVW).

The PP10043 by Former President Mr. Trump has actually harmed Chinese students and scholars tremendously with no real benefit to the US side. The US has lost too many Chinese talents just because they are not granted for visas, or they are unwilling to go to the US in fear of potentially stricter visa bans in the future even if they are issued visas at present. If this proclamation is not cancelled, the affected students may even be unable to obtain visas forever! **We hope to connect all the students and scholars affected by this proclamation, gather everyone's strength, and speak together for everyone's common interests against this unfair proclamation**.