
My bachelor and master degrees are all obtained in one of the so-called "Seven Sons" universities, where I majored in medical engineering. Combining my field with computer science will efficiently lessen the diagnosis burden of doctors and achieve the mission of precision medicine, which will bring countless healthcare interests to the whole human beings. I know this and regard it as my ultimate goal, thus I transformed my major into computer science. Due to the major change, many professors were unwilling to admit me as their students, but thanks to the openness and respect for intelligence of US institutions, I finally got a PhD offer in a US university with a fully-funded scholarship. I had the feeling that my dream was coming true because of my persistence and diligence. Being in the US also means getting together with my long-departed girlfriend who has already being doing her master degree in the US, and we will be in the same city if things go well. However, the visa refusal letter under pp 10043 from the visa interview window torn apart all my dreams, academic pursuits, and life expectations completely.

In the beginning of 2021, I chose to travel to Singapore to do US visa interview because I believe I am irrelevant to Military Civil Fusion Strategies after I read its definition. My previous research projects are irrelevant to MCF and I have two episodes of travel experience to the US before. I innocently believed the visa officer will comprehensively review applicants’ background and make a well-informed and reasonable decision. Thus, I confidently stood in the front of the visa officer.

On the interview day, everything went well at the start. He said he understood transforming major to computer science is typical. Knowing my program is fully funded by a US university, he nodded and suggested me not to forget to do the COVID-19 testings before flying to the US. However, all of a sudden, he frowned and pointed his fingers at the screen, then asked: "where did you finish your undergraduate studies?" I frankly answered. He kept silent for a while, then refused to take any other of my materials, and went straight to the shelf behind, pulling out a visa refusal letter marked with reason "PP10043". My brain went absolutely blank, unable to accept the fact that I was refused simply due to having studied in a particular university.

Now, I have already been taking online-courses offered by the US University for almost one year. Though breaking the circadian rhythms due to huge time differences made me exhausted, I achieved A in all of them. It is too hard to give up this program with a generous scholarship, matching research directions, and the opportunities of paving my career as well as gathering with my dearest girl friend. I cannot imagine how I could go forward if PP10043 will remain in effect to ruin my life and the lives of people same to me.

